fix(clerk-js): Fix undefined properties error in `ConnectedAccountsMenu.tsx` (#4014)
clerk/javascript: .changeset/famous-eggs-cough.md

---
"@clerk/clerk-js": patch
---

> - Fixed an issue in `ConnectedAccountsMenu.tsx` related to Custom OAuth Providers:
>   - Resolved undefined properties error that occurred when a Custom OAuth Provider was `enabled` but `authenticatable` was set to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixes an issue in Connected Accounts menu that was related to Custom OAuth Providers
- Resolves undefined properties error that occurred when a Custom OAuth Provider was `enabled` but `authenticatable` was set to `false`.
```
